This guy used to be
I didn't expect it to be less than I thought
Fortunately, you dumped him in the first place.
Or you will suffer
Well, of course.
How far-sighted I am
Who does he think he is?
I still want to help that bitch Lu Zhaoyue turn the tables
Hmm, it's just a daydream
inadvertently
Zhang Ye's niece
Guess what?
What do we vote on next?
What's that?
Actually nothing haha
But it is
I'd like to try my services as chairperson.
Sun Kuo
You're even running for my father's chairpersonship?
It's in
Next we will vote by a show of hands
Raise your hand if you agree with me as chairperson
Uncle Wang Uncle Zhou
Uncle Liu, I thank you for my father
Hahahahaha ouch
This niece?
You're too naive.
You don't even know now.
They're my people. It's not impossible
Uncles
You are all my father's best friends
You tell me.
Sun Kuo, what he said is not true, right?
What's the matter, it's all true
Don't go hahaha
Lao Liu Lao Wang
Lao Zhou haha
You are welcome
Raise your hand so that my niece can die and be naughty
Sun Kuo, you don't need to stand
Let's just sit down.
Sun Kuo, sorry.
After our unanimous discussion
Will definitely support his father as chairperson